list the key features and benefits of responsive design as you see them. What advantages would building a single, responsive website have over buidling multiple targeted applications, either individual web apps or separate apps for, for example, iOS, Android, etc.? What advantages my native apps have? (25 minutes)
What's your opinion (remembering that your opinion may change many times as you learn more)? Responsive apps or native apps? (5 minutes)

I have worked with responsive website before and there benefits are enormous. Even forgetting the fact that it makes them work with ALL screen sizes, it also makes them more responsive when using then with split windows on laptops and desktops without large screens. On top of all of this you have the huge saving in time. Instead of maintaining multiple sites, you maintain one with a responsive design. That alone is enough to say that RWD is much more powerful that different versions of you site.

Building a single site has many advantages. The screen sizes on our devices these days vary from 3.5 - 15 iches, even just programming for IOS you have a massive variance of screen size. Making a RWD site means that no matter the device or screen size it will work and look great AND it is only 1 peice of code to maintain. For a lot of sites it just isnt practical to create an app. Screen sizes vary too greatly to have a great experience over all screens and building apps for IOS, Andriod, windows OS and any other opperating systems that come along is just not practical always practical. I very often see, say, a new site come out with an app and very often it quickly falls into disrepair or you start to see the rating comments "Doesnt work on this" "Menus screw up on these apps"

Native apps do have advantages. They have the ability to notify you which at the moment is one of the most powerful features of an app. For example I have the trademe app and if a question is asked or answered it pops up on my phone. Yes the website sends me an email but with the majority of people on gmail utalising a sorting feature I do not see those until I actually open up my emails and look! Natiive apps also adds speed. As all the buttons, images and functions are part of the app, all they need is a little bit of web content to load. Mobile sites, however, have to load everything. It also seems to be a common perception that it is easier and better to use an app than a website and although I don't fully agree, as developers we need to go where the people are. For example, I don't think stuff needs an app as their site is pretty responsive, but people want to be able to wake up in the morning and just click the "Stuff" icon on their phone to see the news so that would have forced them to make one.

